Update configuration.asciidoc (#1266)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

=== Configuration on ASP.NET Core

The `UseElasticApm()` extension method offers an overload to pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the APM Agent.

> To use this type of setup, which is typical in an ASP.NET Core application, your applications `Startup.cs` file should contain code similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this type of setup, which is typical in an ASP.NET Core application, your application's `Startup.cs` file should contain code similar to the following:
```

<1> With ASP.NET Core, you must set `LogLevel` for the internal APM logger in the standard `Logging` section with the `Elastic.Apm` category name.
<2> The configurations below `ElasticApm` are fetched by the agent if the corresponding `IConfiguration` is passed to the agent.

> In certain scenarios--you won't activate the agent with the `UseElasticApm()` method.

Reviewer 2: stray `--` still present- maybe replace with comma?

Reviewer: Ahh, dang, I hadn't refreshed the page so this comment didn't show up until after I pressed the merge button. Let me quick open a new PR to get this fixed 🙃

Reviewer: I'm not sure why the "like when you're not using ASP.NET Core" was removed here tbh. I think it makes sense to keep it.

> In certain scenarios--like when you're not using ASP.NET Core, the agent won't be activated with the `UseElasticApm()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain scenarios--you won't activate the agent with the `UseElasticApm()` method.
```

> In this case, set the agents log level with <<config-log-level,`ElasticApm:LogLevel`>>, as shown in the following `appsettings.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, set the agent log level with <<config-log-level,`ElasticApm:LogLevel`>>, as shown in the following `appsettings.json` file:
```

----

Additionally, on ASP.NET, you can implement your own configuration reader. To do this, implement the `IConfigurationReader` interface from the `Elastic.Apm.Config` namespace.

> Once implemented, use the <<config-full-framework-configuration-reader-type, `FullFrameworkConfigurationReaderType`>> setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once implemented, you can use the <<config-full-framework-configuration-reader-type, `FullFrameworkConfigurationReaderType`>> setting.
```

<<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>

> A Boolean specifying if the {agent} should be recording or not.

Author: Should we also add the word value here? Boolean value?

When recording, the {agent} captures HTTP requests, tracks errors, and collects and sends metrics.
When not recording, the {agent} works as a noop, where it does not collect data or communicate with the APM server,
except for polling the central configuration endpoint.

> This is a reversible switch, so the {agent} threads are not killed when deactivated, but they will be

Author: Deactivated instead of inactivated? Does that still make sense?

This is used to keep all the errors and transactions of your service together
and is the primary filter in the Elastic APM user interface.

> NOTE: The service name must conform to this regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9 _-]+$`. Your service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces. Characters in service name that don't match regular expression will be replaced by `_` symbol. 

Author: Is it okay to remove the "in less regexy terms" ?

> NOTE: The service name must conform to this regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9 _-]+$`. Your service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces. Characters in service name that don't match regular expression will be replaced by `_` symbol. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The service name must conform to this regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9 _-]+$`. In other words, your service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces. Characters in service names that don't match the regular expression will be replaced with the `_` symbol. 
```

A version string for the currently deployed version of the service. If you don’t
version your deployments, the recommended value for this field is the commit identifier

> of the deployed revision, e.g. the output of git rev-parse HEAD. 

Author: Lines 277-280 didn't really make sense. Could/Should this be rewritten?

> of the deployed revision, e.g. the output of git rev-parse HEAD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the deployed revision, e.g. the output of `git rev-parse --verify HEAD`. 
```

<<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>

By default, the agent samples every transaction (e.g. a request to your service).
To reduce overhead and storage requirements, set the sample rate to a value between 0.0 and 1.0.
The agent will still record the overall time and result for unsampled transactions,
but no context information, labels, or spans will be recorded.

NOTE: When parsing the value for this option, the agent doesn't consider the current culture.
It also expects that a period (`.`) is used to separate the integer and the fraction of a floating-point number.

> This setting can be changed after the agent is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be changed after the agent starts.
```

<<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>

This limits the amount of spans that are recorded per transaction.
This is helpful when a transaction creates a very high amount of spans,
for example, thousands of SQL queries.
Setting an upper limit helps prevent overloading the Agent and APM server in these edge cases.

NOTE: A value of `0` means that spans will never be collected.
Setting `-1` means that spans will never be dropped.
The Agent will revert to the default value if the value is set below `-1`.

> This setting can be changed after agent is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be changed after agent starts.
```

Sometimes it is necessary to sanitize, i.e., remove, sensitive data sent to Elastic APM.
This config accepts a list of wildcard patterns of field names which should be sanitized.
These apply to HTTP headers and `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` data.

IMPORTANT: This setting only applies to values that are captured automatically by the agent. If you capture the request body manually with the public API, this configuration doesn't apply, and the agent won't sanitize the body.

The wildcard, `*`, matches zero or more characters, and matching is case insensitive by default.
Prepending an element with `(?-i)` makes the matching case sensitive.
Examples: `/foo/*/bar/*/baz*`, `*foo*`.

Please be sure to review the data captured by Elastic APM carefully to make sure it does not contain sensitive information.

> If you do find sensitive data in your Elasticsearch index, add an additional entry to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do find sensitive data in your {es} index, add an additional entry to this list.
```

[[config-global-labels]]
==== `GlobalLabels` (added[1.2])

> These are labels that are added to all events with the format `key=value[,key=value[,...]]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels are added to all events with the format `key=value[,key=value[,...]]`.
```

A string used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM server.

Both the agents and the APM server have to be configured with the same secret token.

> Use this setting if the APM Server requires a token (e.g. APM Server in Elastic Cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this setting if the APM Server requires a secret token, for example, when using our hosted {es} Service on Elastic Cloud.
```

[[config-server-cert]]
==== `ServerCert` (added[1.9])

> The path to a PEM-encoded certificate used for SSL/TLS by APM server, is used to perform validation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path to a PEM-encoded certificate used for SSL/TLS by APM server. Used to perform validation 
```

The maximal amount of time events are held in the queue until there is enough to send a batch.
It's possible for a batch to contain less than <<config-max-batch-event-count,`MaxBatchEventCount`>> events

> if there are events that need to be sent out because they were held for too long. 

Author: Should this be rephrased?

[[config-max-batch-event-count]]
==== `MaxBatchEventCount` (added[1.1])

> The maximum number of events to send in a batch.

Author: Is maximum here still correct instead of maximal?

* `transactions` - request bodies will only be reported with request transactions
* `all` - request bodies will be reported with both errors and request transactions

> This setting can be changed after the agent is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be changed after the agent starts.
```

[[config-capture-body-content-types]]
==== `CaptureBodyContentTypes` (performance) (added[1.0.1])

> This determines which content types should be captured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the content types to be captured.
```

This option supports the wildcard `*`, which matches zero or more characters.
Examples: `/foo/*/bar/*/baz*`, `*foo*`.
Matching is case insensitive.

> This setting can be changed after the agent is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be changed after the agent starts.
```

If set to `true`,
the agent will capture request and response headers, including cookies.

> NOTE: Setting this to `false` reduces memory allocations, network bandwidth, and disk space used by Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Setting this to `false` reduces memory allocations, network bandwidth, and disk space used by {es}.
```

<<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>

This is used to restrict requests to certain URLs from being instrumented.

This property should be set to a list containing one or more strings.

> When an incoming HTTP request is detected, the request path will be tested against each element in this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an incoming HTTP request is detected, its request path will be tested against each element in this list.
```

[[config-excluded-namespaces]]
==== `ExcludedNamespaces` (added[1.5])

> A list of namespaces to exclude when reading an exceptions StackTrace to determine the culprit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of namespaces to exclude when reading an exception StackTrace to determine the culprit.
```

<<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>

> Setting this to `0` disables the stack trace collection. Any positive integer value will be used as the maximum number of frames to collect. Setting it to -1 means that all frames will be collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this to `0` disables stack trace collection. Any positive integer value will be used as the maximum number of frames to collect. Setting it to -1 means that all frames will be collected.
```
